[Music]
Hello very good my dear lovers of the
little heart how are you and well I hope you
are enjoying the day on this
occasion I bring you a little clarification
regarding that report from the
juvenile court that was revealed in vanitatis in
which they try to put Rocío Flores still
manipulated by her father and not only
mentally manipulated but
adding to what they wanted to add in
that documentary that we all saw in
2021 more than mentally manipulating her they
also want to imply how
Antonio Ávila even physically handles
as if he had a remote control for a
remote-controlled car and through his daughter he beats up
his mother before
continuing with this video I want to ask you
please to subscribe since it is
completely free and you help the
channel to continue growing well
here is what vanitatis said I am
going to read it and I will clarify it for you that
document would be definitively closed
a few months later
specifically on November 27
the result was similar to that of all the
other reports prepared during the
process of fighting for the  custody of the two
children of the marriage both Rocío and
David were in a situation of
helplessness in a divorce process
poorly processed by their parents
however some of these reports
suggest that Rocío Flores was
behaviorally conditioned only by the
paternal figure in the opinion of the
professionals that same month of November
and confirming this line of sense the
agency of the community of Madrid for
the re-education and reintegration of the juvenile
offender
wrote a parallel dossier with
interviews with the minors the parents their
partners and even the
children's teachers in which this aspect was made clear
since it was assured that the father
conditioned in a more or less
intentional way the
daughter's opinion of the mother and that the minor even went so far as to
use the lie
judgment of her parent to please
Antonio David Flores okay this text
that you are seeing in vanitatis that yes it
is true that it is a report that is
made by
the agency of the community of Madrid
for the re-education and reintegration of the
juvenile offender
are assumptions that professionals
understand that  they could be given they are not
confirming it there is no way to confirm that you
know that is very difficult to
prove unless you have a
recorder in the girl and you find
a conversation in which the father
is ordering her to say those things well it cannot be
proven okay very difficult to
prove what I would say almost
impossible
and we have this other document that I also
hope will be useful to you and that you keep it in
the newspaper archive this document belongs to
one of the times that Rocío Carrasco
wants to denounce Antonio David
using this not like what we have already
heard the nonsense of this
vicarious violence no that is a word it is
a term that of course does not exist
okay they have been invented although as already
indicated in the resolution referred to in the
report that the juvenile court carried
out in the procedure previously
described in no less than 2012 it is
recorded that the behavior of the
minor with respect to her mother seems to
be mediated by the
legal problems that the parents have had
throughout her life receiving the
least pressure is more or less conscious
and indoctrinates - more or  less conscious
indoctrination forgiveness more or less
conscious that result in
outright rejection of the mother or that the girl
openly uses strip against her mother
to obtain some gains such as
the approval of the paternal nucleus
the claim of the appellant at this
point must be
dismissed to Rocío Seattle or seventh
a judge dismisses it what are your
positions you cannot condemn
someone based on their possessions what
happened what happened to the girl very bad
unfortunate completely terrible
episode terrible episode that should be
forgotten however having made it
media the truth is that it is an
episode that neither the mother nor the daughter nor
the rest of the environment will forget for
life
or in other words what a bad idea it is to mediatize
this make it public this is something
that happens at home and that must be
forgotten
the children Flores was a treated person
and that has not had another
similar episode to the one that you can suspect that
the father has manipulated well you
can suspect that the three wise men
come on camels and gives him a glass of
milk and some cookies okay but  That doesn't
mean it's real, you can
suspect whatever you want, but
maybe the girl herself was more attracted
to the father and was repulsed by him. She
revealed things to her mother that she
saw and didn't fit, these are just
things that happen. I don't know. Maybe ask yourself
why, family. What do you
think about this topic? Is it choosing? I
send you a huge hug. Don't forget to
subscribe, like, comment, and
see you next time.
[Music]